LEDs (#21)
hostmobility/documentation: docs/interfaces/mxv/leds.md

---
title: LEDs (MX-V)
tags:
  - LED
  - MX-V
---

## Overview

This platform has red and greed LEDs.

**Warning:** uncontrolled behavior of GNSS red LED can be lit when powered and if it not turn off in less than one sec the main cpu has been hanged, the co-cpu will restart the system and if it continues the platform has no working internal flash or BOR level is set to low for the coprocessor. If this happens send us an email to support@hostmobility.com and we will help you.

When power up the "func LED" red is lit when the main processor has enter u-boot state and will be turned off by linux system.

> The power led is controlled buy the co-cpu and the func led green is setup from device tree with heartbeat trigger and will blink if the system is running.

Author: ```suggestion
The power LED is controlled by the coprocessor and the func LED green is set up from device tree with heartbeat trigger and will blink if the system is running (average CPU load).
```

> The power led is lit green when co-cpu is running and sometimes the co-cpu lit the red led short it is currently some debug prints and if it is solid lit it has an error.

Reviewer: Why mention power LED twice? Did you mean function LED in the first case?

> ### The following leds are available on HMX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The following LEDs are available on the MX-V
```

---
title: LEDs (MX-V)
tags:
  - LED
  - MX-V
---

## Overview

This platform has red and greed LEDs.

> All leds can be used as you like and they are just named.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All LEDs can be used as you wish and they are just named.
```

> **Warning:** GNSS led can be lit when powered and if it not turn off in 1 sec the main cpu has been hanged, the co-cpu will restart the system and if it continues the unit has failed to boot u-boot.

Reviewer: If not turn off? Do you mean that if does not turn off in 1 sec there is an error?

Author: check again, i have rewritten the line

> **Warning:** GNSS led can be lit when powered and if it not turn off in 1 sec the main cpu has been hanged, the co-cpu will restart the system and if it continues the unit has failed to boot u-boot.

Author: ```suggestion
**Warning:** uncontrolled behivor of GNSS red LED can be lit when powered and if it not turn off in less than one sec the main cpu has been hanged, the co-cpu will restart the system and if it continues the platform has no working internal flash or BOR level is set to low for the coprocessor. If this happens send us an email to support@hostmobility.com and we will help you.
```

> Start up the func led red is lit when enter u-boot state and off in linux.

Reviewer: I don't understand the "Start up the func" part here.

Author: rewritten

> Start up the func led red is lit when enter u-boot state and off in linux.

Author: ```suggestion
When power up the "func LED" red is lit when the main processor has enter u-boot state and will be turned off by linux system.
```

The power led is controlled buy the co-cpu and the func led green is setup from device tree with heartbeat trigger and will blink if the system is running.

> The power led is lit green when co-cpu is runing and somtimes the co-cpu lit the red led short it is currently some debug prints and if it is solid lit it has an error.

Reviewer: Do you mean that the short periods of red are normal and solid red is error, or is short red an error as well?

Author: solid red are error but it acts like a heartbet, i am not sure why part of the code use it like that but it is the current state.

Author: @mattiasbus  do you have any sugesstion to what the red led does in the system?

Reviewer 2: I cannot remember. Have to look in the code.

Author: we leave it as it is
